Dad, can I come back?
I turned out to be fine.
You have not been in your company's night grade for more than a year.
What a way out for a young person.
You are needed.
Dad, what do you mean by this?
Over the years, you have been investing.
This investment naturally takes time.
Next year, it will definitely be St. Petersburg, you are waiting for a while.
OK. What investment are you talking about?
You have been with me for more than a year,
You are dozens and dozens of one,
You still have years to say.
You can use that to play a role
As a result, you can do it for a while
It would be better to wait until I am three
I'll leave the press early and wait for a while
Announce that you are the new eldest son of your family
It's not fair grandpa
You are in good health
It can also be made into something that has a history of several decades
What about the elders?
No need to grow a few for me
I have decided
Dad I don't agree
It's easy for me to bring in consultants who also have some history.
as an ancient movement in history
I don't understand this about you
No need for your consent
You are giving me 65% of the shares
I will give everything to Si'an
Plus four dishes in hand
Add enough water to its outdated shares
It’s also 80%
four position
is anyone
I have nothing to do with you either
I don’t need to ask you about this.
It’s good for dad that you take good care of yourself today.
All four players are correct
Don't remember it yet
I'll put some Sihan
Let’s just say he’s very young.
this year
Not very corporate either
I am not familiar with many businesses
You let him be kind
Get to know me for a while first
Believe me where Si Han is, I am Si Han
There is also a request
before you go to school
You have to get married first, will you pay it back?
A good girl with a clean net worth
They all accepted it coldly
Are you also in the birthplace?
It's not as good as one day at a time.
I feel like I was in my childbearing years
Help me from sunda
I call you all my good friends, brothers.
A taste is a good project with a high degree of education
Completely dead, the top of us, the bottom of us, dead and harmed, but not
Let death harm your whole body, right?
do you think
No need
I already have a suspicious daughter
Time has passed
I'll bring her over to see